木と探索木:s a tree data structure used for locating specific keys from within a set. In order for a tree to function as a search tree, the key for each node must be greater than any keys in subtrees on the left, and less than any keys in subtrees on the right. The advantage of search trees is their efficient search time given the tree is reasonably balanced, which is to say the leaves at either end are of comparable depths. Various search-tree data structures exist, several of which also allow efficient insertion and deletion of elements, which operations then have to maintain tree balance. Search trees are often used to implement an associative array. The search tree algorithm uses the key from the key–value pair to find a location, and then the application stores the entire key–value pair at that particular location.
ヒューリスティック関数:A Heuristic function is an evaluation function that estimates the cost of getting from one place to another. It is a way to inform the search about the direction to a goal. Basically, it is the cost calculated while going from the current state to the goal state. Heuristic function is also simply called as a “Heuristic”. It is generally denoted by “h(n)” where it stands for estimated cost of the cheapest path from current state to goal state. The input is the “search state” whereas the output is the “tangible representation of the state”. The problem state description is mapped to the measure of desirability. The objective of a heuristic is to produce a solution in a reasonable time frame that is good enough for solving the problem at hand. It is a way to inform the search about the direction to a goal. Basically, it is the cost calculated while going from the current state to the goal state. Heuristic function is also simply called as a “Heuristic”. It is generally denoted by “h(n)” where it stands for estimated cost of the cheapest path from current state to goal state. The input is the “search state” whereas the output is the “tangible representation of the state”. The problem state description is mapped to the measure of desirability. The objective of a heuristic is to produce a solution in a reasonable time frame that is good enough for solving the problem at hand.
許容的ヒューリステック (admissible heuristic):An admissible heuristic is used to estimate the cost of reaching the goal state in an informed search algorithm. In order for a heuristic to be admissible to the search problem, the estimated cost must always be lower than or equal to the actual cost of reaching the goal state.